Like last thursday or something,
in that one corner of the universe with the rocks,
you know, near that hyperspace bypass,
the one that smells of MS paint,
and has the distinct taste of bad acapella,
down the road, take the third left, then the second right
and down the 31st cul-de-sac you encounter
after you pass SpaceTesco,
not the big SpaceTesco,
the SpaceTesco that used to be a pub until about 8 years or so I guess,
you know the place, that one...






(I can't really put my name here I guess because assignment so uhh)
THE STUDENT WITH ID NUMBER 1804170 PRESENTS...


TITLE SCREEN OPENING CRAWL THING
Episode 2.5452353625e+3535453687980970562342463745874684632
THE ONE WITH THE COMPLETE LACK OF IDEAS


pretend this says something deep
like idk some sort of epic story
about some intergalactic war in space
(tbh they really should make a film
about something like that at some point.
actually, that's a rather good idea,
imma take a note of it and then
do it when no-one is looking
and then get really really rich from it.
I'm thinking of calling it
'Luminous Spheroid of Plasma Conflict'
let me know if you think that sounds like a nice film name)
Anywho, back to the point at hand
uhh...



oh yeah!

Inconvenient Space Rocks!

ok so basically there's a bunch of rocks
and they're being very inconvenient.

and also they're in space too

pls shoot them for us k thx bye
and also dont die


Oh yeah and also when you destroy the rocks they break into more rocks
but if you leave them alone there's even more pieces
so yeah damned if you do but more damned if you don't
or whatever the phrase is idk

also they generally keep turning even more red as they approach breaking point
but they are red if they can't break any more so basically
shoot the ones that are turning red before they become red ones

also I forgot to mention that theres also other people there
and uhh they probably think that we'll give them your salary if they kill you
but we aren't paying you anyway so idk why they're trying
and at this point I just cba to work out what their deal is
but uhh basically try to avoid them thanks





you know you can just press any key to skip this, right?









bruh

















According to all known laws of aviation,
there is no way that a rock should be able to fly
unless it weighs 90kg.
in which case you can get a trebuchet to make it fly 300 metres forward
but that's besides the point because how the hecc did these rocks get up here


























What's the deal with introductions?
seriously they always drag on for way too long
providing way too much exposition
some of them even putting Death Stranding to shame
with their absurd level of exposition,
like telling me about how every little thing about the game's backstory and setting,
like how the sky turns a pleasant shade of green every tuesday evening,
or how the entire world has been destroyed this time,
or the full chain of events leading to my character being in the position they're in
and I'm over here like
'let me play vidyagaem pls i bought vidyagaem to play not text to read'
but the intro continues regardless.

So, there I am, watching this introduction,
where I wake up in a cart
after being ambushed by imperials and taken to my execution,
before I find myself hiding in a cave from rain that makes you old
as well as invisible monsters who will blow up the world if they touch me,
and then I finally make my way to the entrance to my workplace,
board the transit system, and then wait for it to bring me to
my lab before I unintentionally cause the end of the world,
and I'm over here like 'vidyagaem vidyagaem vidyagaem',
chomping at the bit to start playing it.

And you may be thinking 'why dont I just skip the thing?'
'why don't I just try pressing the mouse or the keyboard to
erase time and skip right past it?'
well yeah I could.
hell, I could even do it right now, for this introduction too.
but, at the same time, I just want to see what is actually going on here.
Who knows, maybe the developer inserted an funny somewhere in there?
Chances are that they didn't, but how will I know if I don't check?
so I just have to sit down and watch the entire introduction.

Sometimes, the funny does arrive.
Other times, I'm just standing there, just like 'PLEASE BECOME FUNNY',
and other times I just play another vidyagaem in the meantime,
watching the intro of that one, and then trying to see which intro finishes first.
Hell, sometimes I can even use my epic MLG speedrunning skills
to complete the other game in 0.25 A-presses before the first intro finishes.

To be completely honest, I've forgotten what point I was trying to make here.
I think it had something to do with intros?


Oh yeah, now I remember.

Point is, I can't stand it when I have to read a really large block of text
before I can play vidyagaems.

Zork just wouldn't be the same if I had to read it.

anywho yeah rant over back to the stupidly long pauses in-between the incoherence






























'PLEASE BECOME FUNNY'
-Ben 'Kylo Ren' Solo, 2020






























why are you still here? just to suffer?








































still here?
ok so press p when starting a level
its fun ;)


























uwu


































upvotes to the left
edit: we did it, Reddit!






























hey, you, you're finally awake.
you were trying to cross the border, right?
same as us, and that bandit over there.